the truth that has been a success the
decision of the president of the
Argentine Republic the decision of the
President of Paraguay, the commitment that
has put
mauri and her team so that this in
some time it was a dream and be a
concrete reality and already more than 100,000
passengers has had the service in little
more than 30 days so for us it is
fundamental because good has to do
with our integration has to do
with this mercosur space that is a
space let's say not only economic
but plural democratic political that
allows you to link more deeply to
our people and allow them to
thousands of passengers traveling all the
days can do it with much less
time with much greater comfort and this
of course that part of a process of
integral system development
railway that we are carrying
forward from the national government to
I look is a compliment that
the vulture funds want me
disqualify and criticize me
it is clear that these vulture funds
they try to profit from the effort of
Argentine people
charging say a debt of which
they appropriated then that Argentina
It has made the two the two swaps
debt pay them let's say
Usurious interests to these funds
vultures would be to postpone the amount of
demands that the pending
Argentine society I have always
backed sense of the president of
7 years accompanied the first
four years as interior ministers
I have been ratified as Minister of
inside as soon as the president
consecrated again elected to exercise
this responsibility four more years already
six months of having assumed the second
mandate as interior minister I went
convened for this enormous challenge that
is to recover public transport like this
to see if I feel accompanied and by
course I adhere
the president in all her policies
but fundamentally to the decision of
give autonomy to the policy above
of any economic corporation and
media for more important than this